>> Kyle: Let's check some understanding.
How do you borrow a function and
implicitly set this?
Remember how I took the foo function and
I put it on the O2 object and
then I used O2.foo to call it?
That was borrowing
the function reference and
then calling that was an implicit
binding for this keyword.
>> Kyle: How do you explicitly
set this for a function call?
>> Speaker 2: Call and apply.
>> Kyle: .call or .apply.
How can you lock a specific
this to a function?
>> Speaker 3: Bind.
>> Speaker 2: Bind.
>> Kyle: .bind, why is that good?
What's helpful about that?
>> Speaker 2: You always know what it is.
>> Kyle: It's predictable.
Why is it bad?
>> Speaker 2: It's inflexible.
>> Kyle: It's loss of flexibility.
How do you create a new this for
the function call?
>> Speaker 2: New keyword.
>> Kyle: The new keyword,
not a trick question.
What about arrow functions?
You probably all heard
about arrow functions.
Everybody's enamored with them.
I don't like arrow functions.
I don't really use them but
there's one particular thing that you
should know about arrow functions.
And that is that arrow functions do
not have a this keyword in them.
Which means if you have an arrow function
with a this reference in it like I do on
line 2.
The this keyword inside of that function
is not a special keyword at all.
It's just a random variable name.
And because of that,
it's going to look up the lexical scope
chain like any regular variable would.
So what it's gonna do is go from the arrow
function to the enclosing function,
which in this case is the foo function.
And it's gonna say hey, foo function,
do you know who this is?
And the foo function's gonna say yep,
I've got this.
So the arrow function is said
to have a lexical this behavior.
It's a this that behaves by lexical rules.
As opposed to the this binding rules cuz
it doesn't really have a this itself.
It's not a special keyword
in arrow functions.
>> Speaker 2: So
where does it come from then?
It just makes a this object?
>> Kyle: Nope.
It doesn't exist in that function.
>> Speaker 2: So when did error.
>> Kyle: No, it goes up one level to
the foo function and says hey foo,
have you ever heard of a this?
Remember earlier in the workshop when
we did that whole look up thing and
we were looking for variables?
It's gonna do the same thing
with the this keyword here.
Cuz it's not a special keyword
inside of the arrow function,
it's just a regular old variable.
>> Speaker 2: So if the foo function
was a fat arrow function too, it-
>> Kyle: It would go one more level up to
the global and say hey global,
do you have a this?
And the global always has a this.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Kyle: A lot of people like to say that
arrow functions have a hard bound this,
that is inaccurate.
Arrow functions don't have a this.
So they always lexically inherit
from their enclosing scope.
>> Speaker 2: Do you hear reference or
if it's in the global scope?
>> Kyle: Nope.
Global scope always has a this.